Is he(or)she a man?Is she famous for her role in imaginary setting?Is he famous fo his action movie role?

Is she famous for her role in imaginary setting?Did she play in musicals?Is it of a fantastic genre?

Did she play in musicals?Is she from RSA?Did she play in 'Chicago' musical?

Is she from RSA?Did she play the Princess of Monaco?Charlize Theron?

Did she play the Princess of Monaco?Did she play in 'Friends'?Nickole Kidman?

Did she play in 'Friends'?Did she adopt children from Africa?Jennifer Aniston?

Did she adopt children from Africa?Is she Itallian?Angelina Jolie?

Is she Itallian?Is she readheaded?Monica Bellucci?

Is she readheaded?Is she French?Ammy Adams?

Is she French?Julia Roberts?Marion Cotiare?

Did she play in 'Chicago' musical?Emma Stone?Cathrine Zetta-Jones?

Is it of a fantastic genre?Is this film about pirates?Is it a space saga?

Is this film about pirates?Was she blond?Keira Knightley?

Was she blond?Sophie Turner?Lena Headey?

Is it a space saga?Is it a dystopia?Did she play in Star Wars?

Is it a dystopia?She played in 'Avengeres'?Jennifer Lawrence?

She played in 'Avengeres'?Chloe Moretz?Scarlett Johansson?

Did she play in Star Wars?Sigourney Weaver?Natalie Portman?

Is he famous fo his action movie role?Did he play in 'Shining'?Is he bald?

Did he play in 'Shining'?Did he play Batman?Jack Nickolson?

Did he play Batman?Did heplay Batman's enemy?Is he modern Batman?

Did heplay Batman's enemy?Is he a stand up comedian?Tom Hardi?

Is he a stand up comedian?Did he play in 'Fight club' movie?Eddie Merphie?

Did he play in 'Fight club' movie?Are there lots of jokes about him and his oscar award?Brad Pitt?

Are there lots of jokes about him and his oscar award?Did he play in a movie, based on a comicbook story?Leonardo Di Caprio?

Did he play in a movie, based on a comicbook story?Did he save Matt Damon in 'Saving private Ryan'?He was in 'Avengeres'?

Did he save Matt Damon in 'Saving private Ryan'?Did he play in 'The Godfather'?Tom Hanks?

Did he play in 'The Godfather'?Did he play in 'Pirates of the Caribean sea'?Robert De Niro?

Did he play in 'Pirates of the Caribean sea'?Matt Damon?Jhonny Depp?

He was in 'Avengeres'?Did he play in 'Spiderman'?Robert Downey Jr?

Did he play in 'Spiderman'?Nickolas Cage?James Franco?

Is he modern Batman?Christian Bale?Ben Afflec?

Is he bald?Does he need your clothes, shoes and motorcycle?Is he in his early fifties?

Does he need your clothes, shoes and motorcycle?Did he play a MI6 agent?Arnold Shwartzeneger?

Did he play a MI6 agent?He played Rocky?Daniel Craig?

He played Rocky?Did he play in 'Mission Impossible'?Silvester Stallone?

Did he play in 'Mission Impossible'?Is he the strongest and greatest person in the world?Tom Cruise?

Is he the strongest and greatest person in the world?Jackie Chan?Chuck Norris?

Is he in his early fifties?Jason Statham?Did he play in 'Pulp Fiction'?

Did he play in 'Pulp Fiction'?Bruce Willis?Samuel Jackson?

